# Mathew's Blog

My name is Mathew Fleisch, and I am a programmer and musician from the bay area in California. I started out as a developer and in the past few years shifted to infrastructure/devops. I love creating automation and optimizing automation pipelines. I will use this "blog" to share stories, experiences and I am starting in March of 2021, in the midst of the global coronavirus pandemic.

## [2021-03-22: Automated Appointment Checker](2021-03-22/automated-appointment-checker.md)

At this stage in the covid-19 pandemic, 25-30% of Americans have been vaccinated, starting with the most at-risk groups, and is now opening up to the general population. I just received my first dose now that I am eligible through my counties rules, but was having trouble finding an appointment at first. Local pharmacies are helping to administer the vaccines, and Walgreens is releasing batches of appointments, at random times throughout the day. Rather than clicking refresh over and over, to check for new appointments, I wanted to automate the process of checking for available appointments. All my script would need to do is alert me when there were any appointments at all, and I would pick the best time/location manually. I used a developer tool within the browser, Google Chrome, to isolate the request to Walgreen's server, that returns available appointment times in my area. Most of the time, the browser and this specific request would essentially return "no appointments available." This request contains "cookies" that are how Walgreen's server knows the request came from me, being logged in to the website. A feature of this browser tool allows you to "copy as cURL" to replay that same request in a terminal, including all of my Walgreens user's unique cookies. Wrapping that command in a 10 second loop allowed this script to alert me when the response changed from "no available appointments" to anything different. This script wouldn't need to decipher what appointments there were, just that there were any available appointments at all. I would then (and did) pick the specific appointments manually by jumping on the website as quickly as possible, after the alert triggered.

[Read More...](2021-03-22/automated-appointment-checker.md)